As we enter Kyrgyzstan,
one of the seven countries
on the Eurasian continent
with “stan” at the end of its name,
you will find many hospitable
and openhearted local residents.
Many people raise livestock,
and so they well understand
the words of David
that are recorded in the 23rd Psalm.
The truth about the caring Shepherd, Jehovah,
reached this region in the 1950’s.
More than 20 years ago,
Jehovah’s Witnesses gave literature
in the Russian language
to one Kirghiz woman.
Her small daughter, who stood nearby,
said, “Mommy,
“please teach me Russian,
since God talks to people in Russian.”
Today, Bible-based publications
are also translated
into the Kirghiz language,
and the Great Shepherd,
Jehovah, leads many
to “grassy pastures.”
Jehovah uses the branch office
in Bishkek,
the capital of Kyrgyzstan,
to refresh his people
throughout the whole country
and lead them
“in the paths of righteousness.”
Fellow believers arrived
from different countries
to help the local brothers
with the reconstruction of the branch.
All worked hand in hand
to accomplish a tremendous amount of work.
The brothers and sisters
who wholeheartedly supported the project
were strengthened
and encouraged very much.
We were apprehensive of coming at first,
but we have enjoyed ourselves thoroughly
on construction.
I thought that this is such
a great privilege for us
to give all of our strength
—everything—to Jehovah
and to feel
that you didn’t waste your youth,
and this is so important.
I was touched by the fact
that brothers that came
from different countries
and were of different nationalities
worked together in unity.
It’s yet another proof
that this is Jehovah’s organization.
This project really strengthened
my faith.
Jehovah always gives us more
than we could ever need or ever want.
For me, those days
were the best time in my life.
I would never trade those days for anything.
Participation in the reconstruction
was a real gift from Jehovah.
And Jehovah really knows
how to give good gifts.
I am grateful to him for this.
While construction work
was coming to its conclusion,
preparation for the branch dedication began.
It was to take place on October 24, 2015.
Brothers built a yurt on the branch property
several days before the dedication program.
Finally, the long-awaited day arrived.
The many guests
that came from faraway countries
were invited into the yurt
and could try the local cuisine.
In one of the talks on the program,
the speaker compared
the branch office to a yurt.
Shepherds caring for their flocks
in the mountains live in yurts nearby.
They are able to hear the sound
of their flock from inside the yurt.
If something happens,
the shepherd can immediately step in
to help the sheep.
Similarly, the branch office listens
to the sheep in the field
and renders needed assistance.
Therefore, the publishers
“fear no harm.”
Brother Stephen Lett,
a member of the Governing Body,
came for the special dedication program.
This program and another special meeting
held the following day
were streamed to meeting places
throughout the whole country,
with a total attendance of over 6,000.
Many listeners were touched,
and their eyes were filled with tears of joy.
Now there are
more than 5,000 active Witnesses
in Kyrgyzstan,
a country with a population
of over six million.
They continue to search
for honesthearted people
that are thirsty for the truth.
Yes, our Great Shepherd, Jehovah,
prepares a rich table
and fills the cup
until it “is well-filled.”
The prophet David sang:
“Surely goodness and loyal love
“will pursue me all the days of my life,
“and I will dwell in the house of Jehovah
for all my days.”
Jehovah’s servants in Kyrgyzstan
want to serve Jehovah together
with their brothers and sisters earth wide
now and forever.